Welcome back.
Earlier we saw how useful functions can be so they can really save us a lot of time.
And I know initially it looks like there's extra work here in creating these functions but they definitely
will save you time in the long run.
And there's so many different things you can do with functions.
So to give you an example of how we can set default parameters within a function.
So let's say for instance we have an example of variable a.
We're setting that up and we're setting it up to my fun ands with in the function.
So this set up function my fun and in here where I expect to see an argument passed there.
So it's fighting some type of value with him here.
So parameter or I should call this parameters.
I'm going to call it Pirri because the arguments are the ones that get passed within here.
So this is an argument.
So let's say we're expecting a parameter and that parameter is going to be put in our age.
Well so we're going to add in our age to now and whatever value is contained within prem.
So let's see what happens now.
So whenever we invoke that we refresh it and we get undefined.
And that's because we haven't set any value here for parameter.
So if we do something like Hello we can see that hello it's put there.
So we have several options how to handle this.
If there's no premolars there being no arguments that are being sent when the function is being invoked
and we're expecting a parameter that's supposed to be output here.
So for older browsers we've got the ability to always check type of.
And we can check the type of parameter and we can see that if that type is undefined
then we can assign a value at this point.
So at this point we can say PRCA is equal to a hello world.
So if nothing gets passed in here we're going to pick up the value of hello world and then we're going
to make use of that within our script.
And I'm also going to return back the value for a so there is another form as well that we can use.
So this will be working for older browsers.
And if you want to make use of it within the older browsers This is the way to go.
But if you're expecting and if you are using ECMAScript 6 which is the latest version of Javascript.
So if your browser supports That's just my fun old there and this will be fun and new.
So this time we're going to call it in my fun new and this time we don't actually need all of this.
We can simply equal this value we could equal it over here and we can say hello world.
So now refresh and we can see that there is nothing changes within our output because it's in this format.
This is the same thing as over here where we're setting the value of the parameter.
If there's no value being assigned.
So if I'm sending a value within a parameter we see that that one takes precedence.
But if there's nothing being sent over if it's coming back on to find then we can declare it as a value
we can set up a value directly here within the parameters as we're setting those up.
So this format it's not supported by all the browsers as of yet.
And as I mentioned this is most sense.
So this is the latest version of Javascript.
And there are updates to javascript's depending on the browser and the version of the browser it me
or may not work.
So if you want to be on the safe side then you can stick with this type of format and these values actually
they should be returning Pujari value so that we know that when we open up our console and we get the
value of a we actually get that return value of the.
So again this is the return value the part that's there.
We're sending over a volume here and if we're not standing over the value that it's going to just use
the default value and then of course the default value is the one that's going to return back to a and
being assigned to the variable a.
So what you do now is try this out for yourself.
Set up a function and don't pass a variable an argument within that function and set a default parameter
value and how that output and even return back within your function and then output that within your
div..
And the next lesson where you look deeper at what we can do with functions.